!rm -rf ~/testlib
!rm -rvf ~/podmylib/industrial_serial_input/
!mkdir ~/testlib
library.listlibrary
library.addlibrary ~/testlib
library.dellibrary test
library.load test
library.load podmylib
library.listcomponents
library.component.create industrial_serial_input.wb16
library.component.addtophdlfile industrial_serial_input.vhd
library.component.setgeneric id type=natural
library.component.setgeneric id public=true 
library.component.setgeneric id match=\d+
library.component.setgeneric id destination=both

library.component.setgeneric wb_size match=\d+
library.component.setgeneric wb_size destination=fpga 
library.component.setgeneric wb_size public=false

library.component.setgeneric clk_freq match=\d+
library.component.setgeneric clk_freq destination=both
library.component.setgeneric clk_freq public=false

library.component.addhdlfile industrial_serial_input.vhd
library.component.addhdlfile tagadatzouintzouin.vhd
library.component.listinterfaces

library.component.addinterface candr
library.component.setinterface candr class=clk_rst

library.component.addinterface wbs
library.component.setinterface wbs class=slave
library.component.setinterface wbs clockandreset=candr
library.component.setinterface wbs bus=wishbone16
library.component.setinterface wbs class=plop

#register
library.component.addregister wbs data
library.component.setregister wbs.data offset=0x0
library.component.setregister wbs.data size=16
library.component.setregister wbs.data rows=1

library.component.addregister wbs read_per
library.component.setregister wbs.read_per offset=0x1 
library.component.setregister wbs.read_per size=16
library.component.setregister wbs.read_per rows=1

library.component.addregister wbs bus_per    
library.component.setregister wbs.bus_per  offset=0x2 
library.component.setregister wbs.bus_per  size=16
library.component.setregister wbs.bus_per  rows=1

library.component.addregister wbs id   
library.component.setregister wbs.id offset=0x3 
library.component.setregister wbs.id size=16
library.component.setregister wbs.id rows=1

library.component.addinterface interrupt
library.component.setinterface interrupt class=gls

library.component.addinterface sn65hvs882
library.component.setinterface sn65hvs882 class=gls
library.component.listinterfaces

library.component.addport clk candr
library.component.setport candrclk dir=in
library.component.setport candr.clk dir=in
library.component.setport candr.clk dir=plop
library.component.setport candr.clk size=1
library.component.setport candr.clk type=CLK

library.component.addport reset candr
library.component.setport candr.reset type=RST

library.component.addport clk_titi plip

library.component.addport wbs_add wbs
library.component.setport wbs.wbs_add type=ADR

library.component.addport wbs_writedata wbs
library.component.setport wbs.wbs_writedata type=DAT_I

library.component.addport wbs_readdata wbs
library.component.setport wbs.wbs_readdata type=DAT_O

library.component.addport wbs_strobe wbs
library.component.setport wbs.wbs_strobe type=STB

library.component.addport wbs_cycle wbs
library.component.setport wbs.wbs_cycle type=CYC

library.component.addport wbs_write wbs
library.component.setport wbs.wbs_write type=WE

library.component.addport wbs_ack wbs
library.component.setport wbs.wbs_ack type=ACK

library.component.addport interrupt interrupt
library.component.setport interrupt.interrupt type=EXPORT 

library.component.addport  spi_sip  sn65hvs882
library.component.setport sn65hvs882.spi_sip type=EXPORT

library.component.addport spi_ld_n sn65hvs882 
library.component.setport sn65hvs882.spi_ld_n type=EXPORT 

library.component.addport spi_clk  sn65hvs882
library.component.setport sn65hvs882.spi_clk type=EXPORT

library.component.addport spi_sop  sn65hvs882
library.component.setport sn65hvs882.spi_sop type=EXPORT

library.component.addport reset plop

library.component.setdescription testing component
library.component.help
library.component.save

exit
